feat: frame parsing by spec, error and warning reports, debugger allowing to debug only selected spec (#303)
framesjs/frames.js: docs/pages/reference/js/getFrame.mdx

# getFrame

> Returns an object with `farcaster` and `openframes` keys, each containing an object with `frame` property extracting the frame metadata from the given htmlString, or containing `reports` property if the frame is invalid. Includes tags from the [Open Frames specification](https://github.com/open-frames/standard).

Author: I think you are right. That was really the part I struggled the most with. So by default we should probably keep the `farcaster` since that's how the lib works atm right?

Really appreciate your feedback here since that gave me new ideas. I'm going to implement your suggestion!

> Returns an object with `farcaster` and `openframes` keys, each containing an object with `frame` property extracting the frame metadata from the given htmlString, or containing `reports` property if the frame is invalid. Includes tags from the [Open Frames specification](https://github.com/open-frames/standard).

Reviewer: Yeah i think that's the right thing to do for now. Also just a correction, the wrapper `getFrame` should maybe accept an array of client protocol IDs in case the client application has signers for multiple protocols or maybe wants to support multiple versions of the same protocol

> Returns an object with `farcaster` and `openframes` keys, each containing an object with `frame` property extracting the frame metadata from the given htmlString, or containing `reports` property if the frame is invalid. Includes tags from the [Open Frames specification](https://github.com/open-frames/standard).

Author: I think it will be better to do that in other PR when there will be a need for that since I don't want to to block you.

# getFrame

Parses HTML according to a given frames specification and returns an object containing a [`Frame`](reference/js/types#reference) if it is valid. Supported specifications are `farcaster` and [`openframes`](https://github.com/open-frames/standard) - defaults to `farcaster` if no specification is specified.

> 

Reviewer: can we add a `Parameters` section here similar to https://framesjs.org/reference/core/createFrames#parameters

and a description of the return value

> Returns an object, extracting the frame metadata from the given htmlString to `frame` object and `result: "success"` if there are no validation results, otherwise it returns what was possible to parse into `frame` object. If `specification` option is passed and set to `openframes` it parses tags from the [Open Frames specification](https://github.com/open-frames/standard).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parses HTML according to a given frames specification and returns an object containing a [`Frame`](reference/js/types#reference) if it is valid. Supported specifications are `farcaster` and [`openframes`](https://github.com/open-frames/standard) - defaults to `farcaster` if no specification is specified.
```
